# Meeting 28/02/2023

 - **Chairman** : Dorian Herbiet
 - **Notetaker** : Alex Tabacaru

Location : PC-Cubicle 6 <br>
Datum : 28/02/2023 <br>
Time : 16:45

## Items :

\[16:45 - 16:47\] Opening by chair : quick assessment of the current progress and announcement of future deadlines.

\[16:47 - 16:54\] Check-in : Quick round where everyone talks about how they are doing and how the course and assignments are going from them.

\[16:54 - 16:56\] Announcements

\[16:56 - 16:58\] Approval of the Agenda : Does anyone have any additions to the agenda ?

\[16:58 - 17:10\] During this part, we will check the progress of everyone with Git and Gitlab.

\[17:10 - 17:15\] Feedback of the TA about the Backlog Draft.

\[17:15 - 17:20\] During this part, we will discuss our next course of action : when we will continue the Backlog, when we will start the mocks and when we will start coding.

\[17:20 - 17:23\] Feedback Round : What went well and what can be improved next time ?

\[17:23 - 17:28\] Questions Round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting ends ?

\[17:28 - 17:30\] Closure by the chair
