# Minutes OOPP TA Meeting Week 4
 - Location : PC Cubicle 6
 - Date : 07/03/2023
 - Time : 16:45 - 17:30
 - Chair : Edsard Grisel
 - Minute-taker : Dorian Herbiet
 - Attendees : Everyone

### Checkin
Everyone is doing fine. Everyone got feedback for the Git assignment.


## Agenda Items

### 1. Final Backlog Feedback
The feedback will be posted during this week, on Mattermost.

***
### 2. Upcoming Deadlines (Due for Friday 10/03)
 - Meaningful MR : It should be on the main branch. There will be a new feedback rubric, mostly about the code coverage. Only the code on the main branch will be taken into account. The Meaningful MR should contain well tested code (Javadoc doesn't count). Every small feature should have its own branch with a descriptive name. Commits and MRs need to have significative descriptions. Unit tests can be merged separately.
 - Buddycheck 1 : It should take about an hour.

***
### 3. Next Coding Steps + Tasks Distributions
Everyone should be a bit of everything. The team could be split in 2 smaller teams every week, 1 for the client and 1 for the server. Each week the members would change each week. (not just inverse roles). We will use 

First, finish the milestones, checkstyle. Rarej will MR an updated project matching our checkstyle.

 - Server : Dorian (JPA), Alex (Client-Server Connection), Teun (Board Tests -> Commons)
 - Client : Matej (Tasks Functionalities), Rarej (Board Syncing), Edsard (Create Task), Teun (REST API methods)

Deadline for those tasks : 15/03. We will do a meeting that day (online). There will be a checkup on this friday to be sure of the progress

***
### 4. Feedback
Maybe a bit more intervention from the chair to make the meeting move forward and orient the discussion. Everyone was asked for opinions and participated to the discussion.

**TA Feedback** : We can use weight for our Gitlab issues, timetracking, add description for issue. Do not approve your own MRs ! We should discuss the code directly on gitlab for each MR and commit. The one making the MR should merge it.

We will show demos every week to show our current progress

***
### 5. Additional Questions
/